Welcome back to Task number eight.
In the previous task, we explored the fundamentals of Tesla
and concluded the forecasting.
In this task, we are going to automate the entire forecasting
process for other stocks. We will be basically learning a life hack
that will save you countless hours.
We will be automating the process in such a way
that once you upload the data of your favorite stock
within seconds and yes, I mean seconds, you'll receive
a forecast with all the necessary visualization. 
This life hack can save
your time.
There are countless stocks out there.
Some of you might already be thinking about implementing
Facebook Prophet to your favourite stock.
Maybe Apple.
Amazon.
Netflix or stocks of some pharmaceutical company.
It is not very practical to repeat the entire process
of importing libraries, dataset, performing visualization
and creating models and forecasting and then evaluating 
for every single stock line by line and code by code.
So we are going to automate the codes so that you can upload
the data of your favourite stock, and within seconds
the forecast will be downloaded and then you can go to Google Sheets
and perform evaluation.
This will be really helpful in real life scenarios.
I know investors who analyze hundreds of stocks
before they put their money. so let's automate it.
So we are in Yahoo Finance's
Homepage.
You can access this place by clicking over here in Yahoo Finance.
And now we're going to search for another stock.
So search for any stock that you want.
Search for your favourite stock: Amazon, Google, Netflix
or some pharmaceutical company.
Choose any stock that you want.
I'm going to choose Amazon.
"AMZN" is the ticker symbol and let's click on it.
Let's go to "historical data" and let's click on "Apply".
I want one year of historical data and click on "download".
So "AMZN.csv" has been downloaded.
It is saved in the "downloads" folder.
So now let's go back to our learner notebook. 
 Go to "File" and click on "Save a copy in drive".
So we are going to create a new copy.
It is creating a copy.
So this is the "copy of learner notebook Prophet".
Let's rename it "Forecasting Automation"
and then click on "Run time", then click on
"Change Runtime Type"
Its GPU.
And if GPU is not selected, select GPU.
Click on "Save". Click on "Connect" and now all we have
to do is change the ticker symbol of Tesla with Amazon.(AMZN)
Let's go over here.
Let's click on this button.
Let's go to "downloads" and let's select "AMZN.csv".
Click on OK. And that's all that we have to do.
Replace this stock symbol with the symbol of stock
that you have downloaded and that's all we have to do.
Now click on "Run time" and click on "Run all".
So libraries have been imported, and probably
within seconds we will get our forecast file. 
Probably within 10 to 20 seconds.
So, as you can see "forecast.csv" has been downloaded,
and I think it took less than 10 seconds.
So you can again take this "forecast.csv"
and go to Google Sheets and perform an evaluation if you want.
So this "forecast.csv"
represents Amazon and not Tesla.
So we can scroll down here and you can see that this represents Amazon:
open price, high price, low price, close price.
Let's scroll down below.
And this is the last 1-year performance of Amazon. 
So this graph is completely different.
I told you, this is of Amazon and not Tesla.
So when we scroll below, you can get this line graph
and we get this volume, bar graph and this is the box plot.
When you scroll down further, you can see under forecasting, 
we get this line graph and this is
the forecasting visualizations.
These black dots are the actual price of Amazon, and this blue line
is our forecasting created by Facebook Prophet. 
This blue line over here is Y_hat. 
This is Y_hat lower and this is Y_hat upper.
So as you can see, within less than 10 seconds, we got
all of this.
That would normally take us 30 minutes to one hour.
You can basically repeat this step for any stock out there.
We don't need to go through the hassle of importing libraries,
creating visualization and creating models, forecasting code by code.
We don't need to type any code.
And probably within a few hours you can analyze and forecast
hundreds of stocks out there saving you hundreds of hours
of modeling and forecasting.
I mean, how much time did it take?
Less than a minute which otherwise would have taken you
at least 30 minutes to one hour.
So please go to Google Sheets and you can then explore
your favourite stock.
So that's all for this guided project.
Congratulations on completing this project.
I hope you enjoyed this project and learned quite a few things
about Facebook Prophet.
In this project, we learned how to import libraries and dataset
and create a Facebook Prophet forecast model to predict
the price of Tesla for the future 30 days.
Then we learn how to extract financial data in Google Sheets
using Google Finance and compared the actual data with the
predicted data and evaluated the performance of the model.
We also went to Yahoo Finance and we explored the fundamentals
of Tesla.
We then automated the entire forecasting process.
You can be proud of the skills that you have learned.
The same skills can be applied to analyze any other stock
of your choice.
The Google Sheet will be saved on your drive.
Your Google Colab notebook will also be saved on your
drive in the folder "Colab notebooks" from where you can
access it easily.
Please don't forget to log out from the Gmail Id.
Congratulations once again
and thank you so much for your time.